"**/CMakeLists.txt"                                            build/ops
admin/**                                                       build/ops
ceph.spec.in                                                   build/ops
cmake/**                                                       build/ops
debian/**                                                      build/ops
do_cmake.sh                                                    build/ops
do_freebsd.sh                                                  build/ops
install-deps.sh                                                build/ops
keys/**                                                        build/ops
make-debs.sh                                                   build/ops
make-dist                                                      build/ops
make-srpm.sh                                                   build/ops
run-make-check.sh                                              build/ops
win32_build.sh                                                 build/ops
win32_deps_build.sh                                            build/ops
doc/rados/api/libcephsqlite.rst                                docs/libcephsqlite
doc/man/8/ceph-mon.rst                                         docs/mon
doc/man/8/monmaptool.rst                                       docs/mon
doc/mon/**                                                     docs/mon
doc/cephadm/**                                                 docs/cephadm
doc/dev/cephadm/**                                             docs/cephadm
doc/man/8/cephadm.rst                                          docs/cephadm
doc/mgr/orchestrator.rst                                       docs/orchestrator
doc/mgr/orchestrator_modules.rst                               docs/orchestrator
doc/mgr/rook.rst                                               docs/rook
doc/mgr/**                                                     docs/mgr
doc/dev/crimson/**                                             docs/crimson
doc/mgr/dashboard.rst                                          docs/dashboard
doc/dev/developer_guide/dash-devel.rst                         docs/dashboard
doc/man/8/rbd*                                                 docs/rbd
doc/rbd/**                                                     docs/rbd
doc/cephfs/**                                                  docs/cephfs
doc/man/8/ceph-fuse.rst                                        docs/cephfs
doc/man/8/ceph-mds.rst                                         docs/cephfs
doc/man/8/ceph-syn.rst                                         docs/cephfs
doc/man/8/mount.ceph.rst                                       docs/cephfs
doc/man/8/mount.fuse.ceph.rst                                  docs/cephfs
doc/ceph-volume/**                                             docs/ceph-volume
doc/cephadm/monitoring.rst                                     docs/monitoring
doc/mgr/nfs.rst                                                docs/nfs
doc/cephfs/nfs.rst                                             docs/nfs
doc/cephadm/nfs.rst                                            docs/nfs
doc/radosgw/nfs.rst                                            docs/nfs
doc/dev/vstart-ganesha.rst                                     docs/nfs
AUTHORS                                                        docs
CONTRIBUTING.rst                                               docs
COPYING*                                                       docs
CodingStyle                                                    docs
PendingReleaseNotes                                            docs
README.*                                                       docs
SubmittingPatches*                                             docs
doc/**                                                         docs
doc_deps.deb.txt                                               docs
man/**                                                         docs
"**/*.+(rst|md)"                                               docs
qa/suites/rados/basic/tasks/libcephsqlite.yaml                 qa/libcephsqlite
qa/workunits/rados/test_libcephsqlite.sh                       qa/libcephsqlite
qa/workunits/mon/**                                            qa/mon
qa/suites/orch/cephadm/**                                      qa/cephadm
qa/tasks/cephadm.py                                            qa/cephadm
qa/tasks/cephadm_cases                                         qa/cephadm
qa/tasks/mgr/test_cephadm_orchestrator.py                      qa/cephadm
qa/tasks/mgr/test_orchestrator_cli.py                          qa/cephadm
qa/workunits/cephadm/**                                        qa/cephadm
qa/tasks/mgr/test_orchestrator_cli.py                          qa/orchestrator
qa/tasks/rook.py                                               qa/rook
qa/suites/orch/rook/smoke/**                                   qa/rook
qa/suites/crimson-rados/**                                     qa/crimson
qa/suites/rados/dashboard/**                                   qa/dashboard
qa/tasks/mgr/test_dashboard.py                                 qa/dashboard
qa/tasks/mgr/dashboard/**                                      qa/dashboard
qa/suites/rbd/**                                               qa/rbd
qa/workunits/rbd/**                                            qa/rbd
qa/suites/rgw/**                                               qa/rgw
qa/tasks/rgw*                                                  qa/rgw
qa/tasks/s3*                                                   qa/rgw
qa/suites/fs/**                                                qa/cephfs
qa/suites/multimds/**                                          qa/cephfs
qa/tasks/ceph_fuse.py                                          qa/cephfs
qa/tasks/cephfs/**                                             qa/cephfs
qa/tasks/cephfs_test_runner.py                                 qa/cephfs
qa/tasks/fs.py                                                 qa/cephfs
qa/tasks/kclient.py                                            qa/cephfs
qa/tasks/mds_creation_failure.py                               qa/cephfs
qa/tasks/mds_thrash.py                                         qa/cephfs
qa/tasks/cephfs/test_nfs.py                                    qa/nfs
qa/tasks/**                                                    qa
qa/workunits/**                                                qa
src/ceph-volume/**                                             ceph-volume
src/python-common/ceph/deployment/drive_group.py               ceph-volume
src/python-common/ceph/deployment/drive_selection/**           ceph-volume
src/SimpleRADOSStriper.*                                       libcephsqlite
src/include/libcephsqlite.h                                    libcephsqlite
src/libcephsqlite.cc                                           libcephsqlite
src/test/libcephsqlite/**                                      libcephsqlite
src/mon/**                                                     mon
src/test/mon/**                                                mon
src/mgr/**                                                     mgr
src/pybind/mgr/dashboard/**                                    dashboard
src/pybind/mgr/ceph_module.pyi                                 mgr
src/pybind/mgr/mgr_module.py                                   mgr
src/pybind/mgr/mgr_util.py                                     mgr
src/pybind/mgr/object_format.py                                mgr
src/pybind/mgr/requirements.txt                                mgr
src/pybind/mgr/tox.ini                                         mgr
src/test/mgr/**                                                test/mgr
src/pybind/mgr/cephadm/**                                      cephadm
src/python-common/**                                           cephadm
src/cephadm/**                                                 cephadm
src/pybind/mgr/orchestrator/**                                 orchestrator
src/pybind/mgr/rook/**                                         orchestrator
src/pybind/mgr/test_orchestrator/**                            orchestrator
src/pybind/mgr/rook/**                                         rook
src/pybind/cephfs/**                                           pybind/cephfs
src/pybind/mgr/**                                              pybind/mgr
src/pybind/rados/**                                            pybind/rados
src/pybind/rbd/**                                              pybind/rbd
src/pybind/rgw/**                                              pybind/rgw
src/python-common/**                                           pybind
src/common/**                                                  common
src/global/**                                                  common
src/log/**                                                     common
src/os/bluestore/**                                            bluestore
src/crimson/**                                                 crimson
src/test/crimson/**                                            crimson
src/ceph_fuse.cc                                               cephfs
src/ceph_mds.cc                                                cephfs
src/ceph_syn.cc                                                cephfs
src/client/**                                                  cephfs
src/include/ceph_fs.h                                          cephfs
src/include/ceph_fuse.h                                        cephfs
src/include/cephfs/**                                          cephfs
src/include/filepath.h                                         cephfs
src/include/frag.h                                             cephfs
src/include/fs_types.h                                         cephfs
src/libcephfs.cc                                               cephfs
src/mds/**                                                     cephfs
src/mon/MDSMonitor.*                                           cephfs
src/mon/FSCommands.*                                           cephfs
src/pybind/cephfs/**                                           cephfs
src/pybind/mgr/mds_autoscaler/**                               cephfs
src/pybind/mgr/status/**                                       cephfs
src/pybind/mgr/volumes/**                                      cephfs
src/test/fs/**                                                 cephfs
src/test/libcephfs/**                                          cephfs
src/tools/cephfs/**                                            cephfs
src/tools/cephfs_mirror/**                                     cephfs
src/include/rbd/**                                             rbd
src/librbd/**                                                  rbd
src/pybind/mgr/rbd_support/**                                  rbd
src/pybind/rbd/**                                              rbd
src/test/librbd/**                                             rbd
src/test/rbd_mirror/**                                         rbd
src/tools/rbd/**                                               rbd
src/tools/rbd_ggate/**                                         rbd
src/tools/rbd_mirror/**                                        rbd
src/tools/rbd_nbd/**                                           rbd
src/tools/rbd_wnbd/**                                          rbd
src/cls/cmpomap/**                                             rgw
src/cls/fifo/**                                                rgw
src/cls/otp/**                                                 rgw
src/cls/queue/**                                               rgw
src/cls/rgw/**                                                 rgw
src/cls/rgw_gc/**                                              rgw
src/cls/timeindex/**                                           rgw
src/mrgw.sh                                                    rgw
src/rgw/**                                                     rgw
src/test/cls_rgw/**                                            rgw
src/test/librgw_*                                              rgw
src/test/rgw/**                                                rgw
src/test/test_rgw*                                             rgw
src/pybind/mgr/nfs/**                                          nfs
src/pybind/mgr/cephadm/services/nfs.py                         nfs
src/pybind/mgr/cephadm/templates/services/nfs/ganesha.conf.j2  nfs
src/pybind/mgr/dashboard/controllers/nfs.py                    nfs
src/pybind/mgr/dashboard/tests/test_nfs.py                     nfs
src/pybind/mgr/cephadm/services/monitoring.py                  monitoring
src/pybind/mgr/cephadm/templates/services/alertmanager/**      monitoring
src/pybind/mgr/cephadm/templates/services/grafana/**           monitoring
src/pybind/mgr/cephadm/templates/services/prometheus/**        monitoring
src/pybind/mgr/dashboard/ci/check_grafana_dashboards.py        monitoring
src/pybind/mgr/prometheus/**                                   monitoring
monitoring/**                                                  monitoring
src/pybind/**                                                  pybind
src/test/**                                                    tests
.github/**                                                     CI
githooks/**                                                    githooks